# February 14th, 2025 Meeting Log
## Meeting Information
- Date: February 14th, 2025
- Time: 12:15 PM - 1:00 PM
- Location: Remote (Discord Call)
- Objective: Part 2: Database Requirements
- Team Members Present: James, Dellie, Evan, Drew, Manoj (All present)

## Meeting Summary
- Today we met to cover all of our bases for Project Part 1: Project Vision/Plan. Nearing completion of project overall. This past week we completed the data requirements, identified key stakeholders for the database, and conducted research on possible hardware and software requirements. 
- Tasks remaining: replicate the software/hardware stack for the KU cycle servers, identify functional requirements, define any ancillary tasks, and finish defining nonfunctional requirements.

## Task Completion Confirmation
- **Functional requirements:** James, Manoj
    - James and Manoj met up and collected all of the data requirements, including entities and attributes. Chose types and constraints, now considering functional requirements and how entities relate to each other.
- **Nonfunctional requirements:** Dellie
    - Defining nonfunctional requirements in the context of databases, and common nonfunctional requirements used in practice.
- **Ancillary Tasks (Objective, Stakeholders, Appendices)**
    - Worked mainly on identifying respective stakeholders, ex: librarian, admin, etc
        - What these stakeholders would want from the DB
- **Software & Hardware Requirements** Drew
    - Researching architecture of the EECS cycle servers, will be similar to the stack for the library DB.

## Tasks Allocated
- **Evan**
    - Identify end-users and any other relevant parties.
- **Drew**
    - Replicate the EECS cycle server software/hardware stack.
- **James, Manoj**
    - Decide on functional requirements
    - Brainstorm other types of queries/reports that might be of interest to users.
- **Dellie**
    - Determine non-functional requirements. May include:
        - performance metrics,
        - security requirements,
        - any other constraints like compliance with regulations

Note for Dellie: You will not be expected to show that the non-functional properties hold. 

## GitHub Repository
https://github.com/dataBASED-eecs